README.md, before:

# warpaint-statistics
A Garmin Connect IQ watch face with many data displayed.

## Development

More info about development and font creation in Warpaint Motivation.
Font sizes and widths can be found in the related Google sheet document.

## Description

The Warpaint Statistics is a unique watch face which provides you all the important data you need at a glance.

The Warpaint Statistics is fully free, however if you enjoy using it you can support my work with a small donation on the following link: https://paypal.me/WarpaintVision (Please mention the name of the app: "Warpaint Statistics" and choose the option "donate to a friend" for less paypal fees).

Please leave a review if you like the watch face!
In case of any issues/questions please check the following 'Warpaint Statistics (WpS) - Garmin watch face help' spreadsheet, which includes the settings, FAQ, available features per device and available themes: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cZU-MBrw6oJnP-MIMBSmyboZnORDPrWM5QRWenGwCuY/edit?usp=sharing. If your question is not answered there, feel free to send me a message via 'Contact Developer' option.

### Features:
- Time, Date, Seconds and AM/PM indicator
- Move Bar and System indicators at the top and bottom
- 6 customizable data fields at the side
- 2 customizable databars around or at the sides of the clock

### Settings you can change (it depends on what the watch supports):
- Select a theme from more than 100 (some devices support less color and they have a limited number of available themes). You can find all the themes on the 'Available themes' sheet on the 'Warpaint Statistics (WpS) - Garmin watch face help' spreadsheet.
- Select which side you would like to see the clock.
- Seconds display options: No display / Display only in active mode / Display seconds also when in low power mode (It drains the battery faster and does not work for AMOLED watches beacuse they require burn in protection).
- Set a Calorie goal which will serve as the max value on the databar (If 0, an automated calculation will be done according to your activity level).
- Data fields: Battery, Steps, Heart Rate, Calories, Sunrise/Sunset, Distance, Floors climbed, Active minutes, Weather, Device indicators (Notifications, Alarms, Do Not Disturb, Bluetooth), Remaining Days, Move Bar, Meters climbed, Sunrise, Sunset, Off.
- You can set a date for the 'Remaining days to selected date' data field.
- Databars: Battery, Steps, Calories, Floors climbed, Active minutes, Move Bar, Off.
- On round shape watches on the place of the outer databar you can set the Sunset/Sunrise position in a 24-hour splitted circle and the position of the sun.
- You can split the databars to equal parts (10 parts on round and 5 parts on semi round and 4 parts on rectangle watches). The Sunset/Sunrise position circle around the round watches splitted into 24 parts.

### Notes/FAQ:
- All possibilities to change the settings and customize the watch face are present on the following page: https://apps.garmin.com/settingsHelp. 
- The 12/24 hour mode and Statute/metric units can be changed directly on the device in Settings > System.
- If Next Sunrise/Sunset data field shows '--' or the Sunrise/Sunset databar is empty, start any activities until you are located (GPS turns to green). Now the Sunrise/Sunset data will be updated in maximum of 30 minutes on the watch face.
- If other data field shows '--', check the device support sheet mentioned before. If it should be available please contact me because I might made a mistake in the sheet.
- Seconds normally hide after entering low power mode (usually after 10 seconds). You can enable to always show the seconds on some devices (it can drain the battery faster). The available devices for this option are in the device support sheet in the 'Update seconds in low power mode' column.
- In 'Device Indicators' data field the notifications and alarms icons are shown when there is at least 1 in that category.
- To uninstall Warpaint Statistics, first you need to change to any other watchface then you can proceed.
- Warpaint Statistics does not collect or forward any data.

### Credits
Thanks for the garmin developer community and the help they provided me on the forums and in the official documentations.
The unique font is from Vic Fieger (https://www.vicfieger.com).
Layout idea is from Radek Polasek.

### Tags: 
Motivational, Inspirational, Data, Information, Stylish, Original, Creative, Customizable, Special, Cool, Awesome, Running, Race

## What's New

### 2.0.2
- Add Approach® S50, Instinct® 3 AMOLED 45mm, Instinct® 3 AMOLED 50mm support
### 2.0.1
- Weather bug fix
### 2.0.0
- Update to new Connect SDK
- Add Approach® S70 42mm, Approach® S70 47mm, Descent™ Mk3 43mm / Mk3i 43mm, Descent™ Mk3i 51mm, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 42mm, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 47mm / quatix® 7 Pro, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 51mm / D2™ Mach 1 Pro / tactix® 7 – AMOLED Edition, fēnix® 7 Pro, fēnix® 7 Pro - Solar Edition (no Wi-Fi), fēnix® 7S Pro, fēnix® 7X Pro, fēnix® 7X Pro - Solar Edition (no Wi-Fi), Forerunner® 165, Forerunner® 165 Music, Forerunner® 265, Forerunner® 265s, Forerunner® 965, MARQ® (Gen 2) Athlete / Adventurer / Captain / Golfer / Carbon Edition / Commander - Carbon Edition, MARQ® (Gen 2) Aviator, Venu® 3, Venu® 3S, vívoactive® 5, Enduro™ 3, fēnix® 8 43mm, fēnix® 8 47mm / 51mm, fēnix® 8 Solar 47mm, fēnix® 8 Solar 51mm, fēnix® E
- -1 degree bug fix
### 1.0.5
- Add D2™ Air X10, D2™ Mach 1, Forerunner® 255, Forerunner® 255 Music, Forerunner® 255s, Forerunner® 255s Music, Forerunner® 955 / Solar, Venu® Sq 2, Venu® Sq 2 Music support
### 1.0.4
- Add Fenix 7, Fenix 7S, Fenix 7X and Epix™ (Gen 2) support
### 1.0.3
- Add Venu 2 Plus support
### 1.0.2
- Add option to change Top and Bottom data field
- Fix issue: property without settings
### 1.0.1
- Update Venu sq and Venu sq music layout
### 1.0.0
- Public release.

## Permissions
This app requires access to:

- GPS location
- Your Garmin Connect™ fitness profile

Commit message:

Add new devices support, fix weather

README.md, after:

# warpaint-statistics

A Garmin Connect IQ watch face with many data displayed.

## Development

More info about development and font creation in Warpaint Motivation.
Font sizes and widths can be found in the related Google sheet document.

## Description

The Warpaint Statistics is a unique watch face which provides you all the important data you need at a glance.

The Warpaint Statistics is fully free, however if you enjoy using it you can support my work with a small donation on the following link: https://paypal.me/WarpaintVision (Please mention the name of the app: "Warpaint Statistics" and choose the option "donate to a friend" for less paypal fees).

Please leave a review if you like the watch face!
In case of any issues/questions please check the following 'Warpaint Statistics (WpS) - Garmin watch face help' spreadsheet, which includes the settings, FAQ, available features per device and available themes: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cZU-MBrw6oJnP-MIMBSmyboZnORDPrWM5QRWenGwCuY/edit?usp=sharing. If your question is not answered there, feel free to send me a message via 'Contact Developer' option.

### Features:

- Time, Date, Seconds and AM/PM indicator
- Move Bar and System indicators at the top and bottom
- 6 customizable data fields at the side
- 2 customizable databars around or at the sides of the clock

### Settings you can change (it depends on what the watch supports):

- Select a theme from more than 100 (some devices support less color and they have a limited number of available themes). You can find all the themes on the 'Available themes' sheet on the 'Warpaint Statistics (WpS) - Garmin watch face help' spreadsheet.
- Select which side you would like to see the clock.
- Seconds display options: No display / Display only in active mode / Display seconds also when in low power mode (It drains the battery faster and does not work for AMOLED watches beacuse they require burn in protection).
- Set a Calorie goal which will serve as the max value on the databar (If 0, an automated calculation will be done according to your activity level).
- Data fields: Battery, Steps, Heart Rate, Calories, Sunrise/Sunset, Distance, Floors climbed, Active minutes, Weather, Device indicators (Notifications, Alarms, Do Not Disturb, Bluetooth), Remaining Days, Move Bar, Meters climbed, Sunrise, Sunset, Off.
- You can set a date for the 'Remaining days to selected date' data field.
- Databars: Battery, Steps, Calories, Floors climbed, Active minutes, Move Bar, Off.
- On round shape watches on the place of the outer databar you can set the Sunset/Sunrise position in a 24-hour splitted circle and the position of the sun.
- You can split the databars to equal parts (10 parts on round and 5 parts on semi round and 4 parts on rectangle watches). The Sunset/Sunrise position circle around the round watches splitted into 24 parts.

### Notes/FAQ:

- All possibilities to change the settings and customize the watch face are present on the following page: https://apps.garmin.com/settingsHelp.
- The 12/24 hour mode and Statute/metric units can be changed directly on the device in Settings > System.
- If Next Sunrise/Sunset data field shows '--' or the Sunrise/Sunset databar is empty, start any activities until you are located (GPS turns to green). Now the Sunrise/Sunset data will be updated in maximum of 30 minutes on the watch face.
- If other data field shows '--', check the device support sheet mentioned before. If it should be available please contact me because I might made a mistake in the sheet.
- Seconds normally hide after entering low power mode (usually after 10 seconds). You can enable to always show the seconds on some devices (it can drain the battery faster). The available devices for this option are in the device support sheet in the 'Update seconds in low power mode' column.
- In 'Device Indicators' data field the notifications and alarms icons are shown when there is at least 1 in that category.
- To uninstall Warpaint Statistics, first you need to change to any other watchface then you can proceed.
- Warpaint Statistics does not collect or forward any data.

### Credits

Thanks for the garmin developer community and the help they provided me on the forums and in the official documentations.
The unique font is from Vic Fieger (https://www.vicfieger.com).
Layout idea is from Radek Polasek.

### Tags:

Motivational, Inspirational, Data, Information, Stylish, Original, Creative, Customizable, Special, Cool, Awesome, Running, Race

## What's New

### 2.0.3

- Add Descent™ G2, Forerunner® 570 42mm, Forerunner® 570 47mm, Forerunner® 970, vívoactive® 6, Venu® X1 support

### 2.0.2

- Add Approach® S50, Instinct® 3 AMOLED 45mm, Instinct® 3 AMOLED 50mm support

### 2.0.1

- Weather bug fix

### 2.0.0

- Update to new Connect SDK
- Add Approach® S70 42mm, Approach® S70 47mm, Descent™ Mk3 43mm / Mk3i 43mm, Descent™ Mk3i 51mm, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 42mm, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 47mm / quatix® 7 Pro, epix™ Pro (Gen 2) 51mm / D2™ Mach 1 Pro / tactix® 7 – AMOLED Edition, fēnix® 7 Pro, fēnix® 7 Pro - Solar Edition (no Wi-Fi), fēnix® 7S Pro, fēnix® 7X Pro, fēnix® 7X Pro - Solar Edition (no Wi-Fi), Forerunner® 165, Forerunner® 165 Music, Forerunner® 265, Forerunner® 265s, Forerunner® 965, MARQ® (Gen 2) Athlete / Adventurer / Captain / Golfer / Carbon Edition / Commander - Carbon Edition, MARQ® (Gen 2) Aviator, Venu® 3, Venu® 3S, vívoactive® 5, Enduro™ 3, fēnix® 8 43mm, fēnix® 8 47mm / 51mm, fēnix® 8 Solar 47mm, fēnix® 8 Solar 51mm, fēnix® E
- -1 degree bug fix

### 1.0.5

- Add D2™ Air X10, D2™ Mach 1, Forerunner® 255, Forerunner® 255 Music, Forerunner® 255s, Forerunner® 255s Music, Forerunner® 955 / Solar, Venu® Sq 2, Venu® Sq 2 Music support

### 1.0.4

- Add Fenix 7, Fenix 7S, Fenix 7X and Epix™ (Gen 2) support

### 1.0.3

- Add Venu 2 Plus support

### 1.0.2

- Add option to change Top and Bottom data field
- Fix issue: property without settings

### 1.0.1

- Update Venu sq and Venu sq music layout

### 1.0.0

- Public release.

## Permissions

This app requires access to:

- GPS location
- Your Garmin Connect™ fitness profile
